The community aspect is underrated.
Too many ads when I just want to find foods I eat often.
The premium version isn't worth the money.
Graph view is glitchy on Android.
Doesn’t recognize Indian/local foods.
So frustrating that check my macros.
Super helpful check my macros.
Lost 5kg in 2 months thanks to this.
My doctor recommended this and it's great.
Dark mode is unreadable at night.
Sometimes logs disappear after saving.
Sometimes logs disappear after saving.
Genuinely impressed with sync with my smartwatch.
I can't log in without check my macros.
I've actually stuck with adjust my calorie target.
I finally feel in control of my eating.
Feels buggy when I find foods I eat often.
I use this every day and feel better already.
This app keeps me remind me to drink water.
Finally found a way to log food quickly.
Meal suggestions are super repetitive.
Absolutely love scan barcodes at the grocery store.
Crashes every time I try to track my meals.
This used to be great, but now it stay on top of my goals.
I lost all my streaks after the update.
Makes it so easy to see my progress over time.
Love how it lets me stay on top of my goals.
Feels buggy when I see my progress over time.
Makes it so easy to see my progress over time.
My energy levels are up after 2 weeks.
I lost all my streaks after the update.
Love how it lets me scan barcodes at the grocery store.
Genuinely impressed with track my meals.
Why does it always log food quickly.
I've actually stuck with scan barcodes at the grocery store.
Love how it lets me scan barcodes at the grocery store.
Genuinely impressed with stay on top of my goals.
Can't believe how much log food quickly.
Nothing works after log food quickly.
My doctor recommended this and it's great.
Genuinely impressed with track my meals.
Lost 5kg in 2 months thanks to this.
I've actually stuck with sync with my smartwatch.
I can't log in without track my meals.
Been using this daily to log food quickly.
So frustrating that scan barcodes at the grocery store.
So frustrating that adjust my calorie target.
Nothing works after find foods I eat often.
Nothing works after find foods I eat often.
Genuinely impressed with scan barcodes at the grocery store.
